We run it on QI a few years ago and which was there's no such thing as a fish now seriously it's in a deep oxard dictionary of on the wall to life.
Right that first paragraph no such thing as a fish.
Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Corrin Garden my name is Dan triber sitting here with anage zinski james harkin and Andy Murray.
And once again we've gathered around the table with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and here they are in no particular order.
Okay fact number one James.
Okay my fact this week is that comets stink how could you know that so the Rosetta probe which we all know is currently going around the
comment and during that they've managed to collect some data from the comments itself and they've managed to do some special analysis on the molecules and they found out that it smells like a mixture of rotten eggs cat urine and bitter almonds.
Yeah me although did we talk about the fact that cat urine is good if you smell it in wine so if that could be distilled into wine what do you mean if you smell it in wine is like a wine flavor.
One of the few others say or it has a cat pee aroma not as a bad thing. Oh okay.
Yeah I guess it's like ammonia isn't it that's the kind of smell but the chemicals that they have on this comment are hydrogen sulfide ammonia hydrogen hydrogen cyanide for maldehyde methanol and sulfur dioxide and that apparently gives those smells.
I really like the science writers who received that kind of slightly dry some people would say report from Rosetta and go so I read the list of chemicals.
Do you think we can do the headline comments stinks yeah let's go there yeah fine it does overstate it a bit because actually if you were on the comment you won't be able to smell it because the molecules are just not numerous enough for your nose to detect.
If you had a sniff of dog they'd be able to detect it dogs can smell the weirdest things I didn't actually realize that nostrils were as amazing as they are so they can smell whale poo from a mile away.
They've been trained basically the way they tell they way they tell about whales health is to analyze their poo it's on the edge of a boat so the edge of a cave just sorry I was just kind of like holding water yeah just barking whenever it finds the poo I read this on the daily mail I don't know if it's true and DVDs they can smell DVDs as well which helps her when people are trying to counterfeit DVDs and get them over borders and stuff so they can smell huge hordes of DVDs dogs are right nose I think when they smell they smell with their right.
nostril all of them that's a good question I don't know if it's like humans and some of them are more creative than us 90% of dog presidents were left nose yes yes so harmful smells they smell with their right nostril but nice familiar smells they reserved for their nostril and their right nostril new smells they always smell with their more sensitive right nostril and weirdly there is the other way around so they pick up their left ear when they're hearing something that's threatening like a thunder
storm and if they're hearing like other dogs barking they want to hang out with their pick up their right ear wow there's something threatening over on their right
they've been around around around and then collapse just do take it back to space for a minute oh yeah even if you were up there the odds are that if you're an astronaut up there you might not be able to smell this comet
and that's in spite of the few molecules thing because in space your sense of smell really suffers because all the fluids that normally pooling at the bottom of your body throughout the day just because you're upright go all over your body and they tend to bunch up in your upper torso in your head
which is why astronauts like eating spicy food because it's some of the few foods that can actually get through the sun is this right
yeah it makes you smell better do humans like smell half the time on the left nose and half the time on the right nose or something like that
but do you breathe through nostrils on an alternating basis um camels have the ability to close their nostrils
yeah because of sand it's like with their eyelids so they have three sets of eyelids one which are like window wipers
the other which is their normal eyelids and the third one which are transparent so that when it's sandy they can just see through
anyway and and their nostrils as well have the ability to go brrrp they just shut up yeah they really make that noise
yeah they do it yeah when they shut up
elephant it's before and it's to describe something else but it's something rude
oh that's it it's about hippos testicles retracting your body's brrrr
I love that my impression is a limited to you don't get to end of your impressions
he's retracting hippotesticles are exactly the same as covering nostril as his normal shorts and negative
um the comet doesn't smell bad to anyone under the age of four because apparently up until the age of four nothing smells bad to you
what oh this is a TED talk given by this um nothing for your old
it was great guys I like it all so everything is just interesting and then you learn to react badly to certain smells
post the age of four I feel like I've made my brother smell wasabi before he was four and he freaked out
that's more of a kind that's more a sensation you know that losing your sense of smell is one of the
chief indicators of dying soon they've tested lots of elderly people and of the elderly people who
couldn't smell or who sense of smell was really badly impaired a significantly higher
proportion of those people died in the following five years right his own is not guaranteed at all
it's interesting that you're saying that your sense of smell is dulled in space because there are
quite a lot of examples of astronauts giving very sort of exact descriptions of what things smell like
like Buzz Aldrin in the alarm strong saying that the moon smelled of gunpowder when they go back in
also apparently one of the big issues that they have so as well as having a sniffer at NASA one of the
big things they were trying to work out was the diet of astronauts because both farting and burping
were a massive thing particularly in the Apollo missions going to the moon it just smelled a
fart it's because of the smell and not because it could propel you across the space no
at Mary Roach who wrote book or packing from ours actually looked into that there was an idea
that you could fart propel yourself across yeah surely you could according to the person that she
asked he said that the size of the human against the push of whatever error was coming out wouldn't
be enough to actually do it it would be enough but you just probably wouldn't move very far yeah
you don't have to have a lot of baked beans before going into space you really have 17,000 cans
to not care how it took you to get to the other side of the space lounge space lounge I mean it should
be called lounge they must have a lounge you wait on the ISS yeah all in or in any did they have one
on Apollo 11 maybe lounge no it's a luxury isn't it yeah that wasn't an interesting trim down
lose the billier dream so we've definitely covered enough textbooks before that in space astronauts
hearts get rounder yeah but also in space their eyeballs get flatter wow people who are in space for
a long mission they report blurred vision sometimes and what they think is the reason is extra
fluids in your head which are normally elsewhere in the body so this results in a flattening of the
eyeballs and even swelling around the optic nerve and when they go back to work the swelling around
the optic nerve subsides but sometimes your eyes don't they don't round out again right yes slightly
flatter eyeballs yes if you had aliens who came to earth and they looked like humans you'd be able
to tell they were aliens because they'd have flatter eyeballs because they'd been in space before they
came here so that could be a way of oh yeah that would be that is the plot of James's first novel
I was reading Bill Bryson's short history nearly everything a while ago and he says this thing
about comets in it and I guess meteorites anything that enters your atmosphere he was asking these
two guys what kind of warning we would have against a comet meteor asteroid strike and they said
in all reality unless someone had spotted it and it's very hard to spot one second well for
this guy that's our warning well what about cellabinsk there wasn't any warning of that it just came
down and landed in a little pressure well it would have been one second yeah terrifying what would
you do with that one last second well I guess I'd ring people and tell them what I really thought
yeah comments a lot of scientists think that it's comments that brought life to earth don't they
because comments are made of water well advice and that might be where the water and organic matter
for earth came from yep when the hailbop the last time hailbop came around because they're on
orbits around the sun and they go past the earth every now and then the last time it came before
1997 was when stonehenge was being built approximately really that's how big that orbit is
and so people going crazy with comets that happens quite a lot in 1910 there was a comet it was
how it's coming where everyone went crazy when it came over do you remember well what happened was
you know all these chemicals that they found one of them includes cyanide and people had already
realized that there was cyanide inside a comet's tail and some people have thought that when the
comet goes past the tail would go through the earth and we'd all get killed by cyanide and so
everyone thought the world's going to end not in one second but in like a few years you know
it was fixate basically so they had end of the world parties in New York they had enormous we're all
going to die events everywhere it was this mad enormous scare like yeah everyone they sold these
leather inhalers that you would cover your mouth with so that it wouldn't kill you some people
thought that the cyanide would react with the earth's atmosphere and create laughing gas and so
everybody would be killed enough to death yeah you want to do an operation with a lot of operations
booked for that and there was one guy in california who somehow managed to nail himself to a cross
on the day it was going to happen and then of course the day we get the second hand
well that's why it says somehow in the report
okay time for fact number two and that is Andy so my fact is that the explorer Serrano
finds who is the oldest Britain ever to have climbed Mount Everest used to get such bad vertigo
that he would ask his wife to climb ladders to clear the gussars instead of him that sounds like
an excuse doesn't it it does yeah and we're talking about is it acrophobia he has a fear of heights
I don't think he has the yeah the medical vertigo which is where you feel dizzy no matter whether
you're in a high place or not so yeah it's weird Everest is one of the only mountains I've seen
where any photo doesn't justify the largeness or the danger of it because it's such a wide
mountain right you can't really get an understanding of how tall it is that's true like the main
peak of Everest is the highest peak in the world of course but the second highest peak is the second
highest peak of Everest which is taller than k2 that's cheating it is cheating yeah it's riding
on the back of someone else right until the very end so basically this fact is pretty much just
an excuse to talk about Serrano finds who's done a lot of absolutely amazing stuff great he has gone
up the Nile on a hovercraft yeah just the first time someone did that his expedition the transglow
expedition went around the world but not horizontally vertically leaving from Greenwich going through
both poles and then back to Greenwich no one has done that before no one has done it since then
which is amazing and then he after he had a heart attack at a double heart bypass operation four
months later he did seven marathons in seven days on seven continents such a show off yeah yeah
he um just on the badass nature of Randall finds he wants off an expedition got frostbite on his
fingers and he got that so bad that he needed to have them amputated but when he took his fingers and
himself they're still attached to a doctor they said we need a wait for it a bit longer for it to
dead in before we can amputate and he lost his patience at home one day so he went into his shed
he eventually took them off with a black and decker vice and a fret saw but he tried a number of other
devices beforehand different sores and it just wasn't working so great product placement for the black
and decker yeah so yeah so he's done so he's quite fun anyway he seems to be quite an entertaining
cap so at one point when he was in the army there was a ball I think and he persuaded some of his
fellow military men to procure a lively squirming piglet cover it in tank grease and slip it into a
crowded ballroom which is quite fun but another fun thing he did was he was wanting to get into the
SAS do you know about this no so one of the test against the SAS they had to perform was to plan
and try to execute a bank robbery and so he was supposed to rob a branch of Barclay's bank
and he went and he asked for a tour around Barclay's bank and based on that he went to a cafe afterwards
and made detailed plans of the bank and that evening the owner of that cafe called the police
and said a man who looks like he's pretending to be in the army has left his and very detailed plans
of the local bank can you please get on this it was in the headline of the times the next day was
dodgy looking man leaves behind plans of bank robbery although I don't think he was rejected from
me I say yes for that he also was almost James Bond weirdly really he auditioned for James Bond
cubby broccoli got him in and they auditioned four hundred people and he made it down to the last six
okay yeah but then he got rejected immediately by cubby broccoli cubby broccoli said that he
looked like a farmer whose hands are too big and clumsy well his hands aren't too big anymore
this is such fantastic that lord lucan as well was asked to audition for James Bond
yeah lord lucan yeah he didn't go to it but he was asked to he's quite famous did you not go for it
on the other being in Africa he's doing quite a job of going undercover if this is part of his audition
yeah he's done very well um also because that's one that Roger Moore then became James Bond for
and I was reading in Craig Brown's book one to one that George Lazenby got the job of being James Bond
by knowing that cubby broccoli was going for a haircut in a place and getting his haircut next to him
and feigning ignorance about oh hi how are you so yeah a martini blight like he was like right
yeah yeah I always wondered how the hell George Lazenby got the job so when Randall finds
and lord lucan were going for it they lost the job to George Lazenby no to Roger Moore
oh okay yes yeah why do you think it's extraordinary that anyone could have lost
yeah he's the oldest guy to have climbed Everest you know how old there'd been older ones haven't
there yeah so he's the oldest British guy yeah the oldest guy's Japanese he was 80 when he got up
there and he spent half an hour up there and he'd he broke his own record he was the oldest
oh right it was his third trip up there he went up there when he was 70 and there was this big
thing about two days behind him in terms of trekking was an 81 year old so he was he was going to be able
to hold the record for two days and then this 81 year old was like oh on the way behind but he didn't
make it didn't make it didn't make it he didn't die but he didn't make it yeah there's two of them
who keep beating each other's record aren't there yeah I think because the last time this guy the
Japanese guy's called Miura the last time he did it they asked him if the other guy beats you are
you're gonna try and do it again he said at this point I could not think of anything but rest
he must have been that yeah yeah that's that's reverse psychology is it trying to convince the other
no no no not interested nope not for me okay time to move on to our third fact and that's Chazinski
my fact is that a Ryanair crew member recruited today could not possibly be the same height as
a crew member from the first Ryanair cabin crew okay what does that mean that so they do have
high restrictions don't they yeah they do so if you're recruited today you have to be at least
five foot two to be in the crew now in 1985 on the first Ryanair flight you had to be under five foot
two to work on it under five foot less than five foot pretty sure because the planes were small it was
because it was a tiny cabin yeah yeah yeah so they're just crewed tiny people yeah yeah but then the
passengers have to crash well they're not you're not standing throughout the whole flight oh I don't
know I don't know about the first Ryanair flights maybe you were maybe that's a future Ryanair flight
I think that's very cool but yes I think it's quite weird that you need to be a
research night now I suppose you need to reach up some of them say you need to show that you have
have to have a certain reach so you could be sharp with very long arms yes Mr. Tickle
I read that on EVA which is a airline they're height they do have a high restriction thing as well
but it's purely for aesthetic purposes I wouldn't be surprised if they had that in the 70s but
these days it seems a little bit well I found out about what it was like in the 70s yeah okay so this
is during Pan Am's heyday you have to be as you say at least five foot two weigh no more than 130 pounds
and retire by the age of 32 and you weren't allowed to be married or have children and so most women
lasted about 18 months because because they always bloody golf and have kids don't they these women
and that's why we can't be relied on to employ them well the marriage restriction lasted until
the 1980s which is unbelievable you're the first budget airline was in 1971 it was founded which
is a long time ago but that one was outrageously sexist the two of us has had to have orange hot
pants and white go-go boots before they were dressed as that though they used to dress as nurses
and that's not some sort of weird sexual fetish the one nurses though yeah exactly in fact the
first official flight attendant was a nurse and a pilot and she only became a flight attendant because
they didn't allow her to become a pilot yeah yeah did you read this article in collectors weekly
it's a really really good website they have loads of great articles on there and they did a thing about
hostess uniforms and they talked about Ellen Church and she was a registered nurse but the reason
that they had registered nurses is because all the passengers were getting nauseous and vomiting
because of the DC3 planes these particular types of plane that were just all over the place so
everyone would be sick and that's why they first brought in the female attendants because they
needed nurses wow wow to hold out sick bags yeah apparently all right she by the way wasn't the
first ever flight attendants oh she wasn't no she wasn't and it's first female one she first
female but the first ever proper flight attendant was a German guy called Heinrich Kubis and he was
flying with the red barren then which is exactly tiny peanuts he was on he was on he was on all the
all the zeppelins prior to planes but he was the flight attendants and and he very much cared about
his job to the extent that he would wear hot pants and go but he also so he was on that he was on
the number of famous zeppelins the most famous of all he was on was the Hindenburg and he was the one
who basically noticed that it was on fire and helped all the passengers to get off it and he was a
very he was very essentially a lot of people survived the Hindenburg a lot of people yeah yeah a lot
of them jumped from about 15 feet in the air and then he was on the edge and he went all right
everyone go and so he gave the go ahead the Hindenburg was almost called the Hitler it was originally
going to be called the Hitler wow yeah I didn't know that that pole on the top of the Empire State Building
was actually to dock zeppelins yeah it was a zeppelin docker yeah that's very exciting just to go
back to Ellen Church for a second the first yeah females to it so they were called sky girls
originally the sky girls were expected to I'm quoting here a whole luggage screw down loose seats
help with fueling the plane and finally at dayzend help the pilots push the plane into the hangar
how good is that the first passenger flight it was one guy and it was from St. Petersburg and Florida
to Tampa and it lasted 23 minutes and the flight rarely exceeded five feet in altitude
it's really interesting it's like we are now cruising at five feet you look to the left you'll see a man
here's some chewing gum view to choose so yeah it is don't pop it crazy wait give us more details
of this this is amazing well I know it was it was called a flying boat I think because that was
the only terms in which they could just know because they had planes but they called it a sky boat
well it was the first guy paid four hundred dollars which was about uh nine thousand dollars
today but then the prices came right down after that and basically it carried a maybe twelve hundred
passengers over the next few months and they paid a five dollars yeah first was kind of a special
thing it was the former mayor of the town who got to go on this journey and we're that he had to
pay more to be the one who's trying it out no and also four hundred dollars down to five that's quite
yeah he was kicking himself he was a week later that's the thing with low cost airlines you
can't keep checking the prices it just went on last minute dog cars straight away
other things that have been taken on planes or attempted to take on planes a two-month-old tiger cub
was recently a woman recently attempted to smuggle it by disguising it as a stuffed toy amongst
other fake tiger cubs oh that is clever it is clever that's what he does when he tries to hide
among the other types he puts all the you that's true yeah but he sticks his face out oh yeah yeah
we're as a more sensible alien would have just hidden behind why did he need to do that why did he
I was pushed to the show off the show of ET and then there was the last one which I did put on twist
yesterday which was Woody's toy gun was confiscated for him recently he threw and there's the guy who
was confiscated from took a picture and the guy is literally removing this tiny toy gun from Woody
from Woody as in Woody the cowboy yeah Woody the cowboy what yeah and it wasn't like a it's not like
a gun a life size yeah it's like a tiny little it was a tiny Woody and they just put an AK-47
and said what is a toy don't be ridiculous um that's there was a guy who was on ground staff this guy
said here are some of the conversations I overheard there was a lady who tried to bring her goldfish
on board so she had it in a bag with water in it and they said well okay what we've worked out
is we can allow the goldfish to go on but we can allow the water yeah so they did allow the water
the other one was they said the goldfish had to live in a little 25 millilitre exactly but you
can buy liquid ones you've gone through security so could you hold it in your hand run and buy a bottle
of water yeah yeah drop it in your EVA and the other one was they had an argument about what state
mashed potato is so they could decide if it was a liquid or yeah they didn't know what it was and
so they eventually decided that it was a gel um and that you not it couldn't allow it that's
what that's what the ground staff decided it is um I've got two other things on height restriction
one is astronauts have height restrictions as well but there was famously there was one astronaut
who was a great astronaut called Scott Parazinski he was not allowed to do a mission because of his
height restriction interesting thing about him though just in relevance to this was he really
tall are really small he was really tall okay um he's the only astronaut ever to have gone into space
and also to reach the summit of Mount Everest oh wow just as an interesting connection did he land
on the summit of Mount Everest did he go over there did he go over there and go no I want to go
higher than this yeah almost there now yeah might as well carry on I've just read that I'm on
I'm on this astronaut Scott Parazinski's Wikipedia page and it's got a list of all words and honors
and he was the honorary captain for the US loose team for the 2010 Winter Olympics what do you
mean honorary captain I don't know it's just they made him an honorary captain I like to be the
honorary captain of a Olympic team yeah I wonder if he got a medal if they won oh yeah he could say he
won you get an honorary medal yeah you stand on an honorary podium which is next to the main podium
you'll so tall doesn't matter it is weird that the word honorary just means not
in life basically there's restrictions on heights of sandcastles on certain German beaches
and can't be above three meters in height there's some three meters yeah which is huge surprise
that can't be about three meters yeah that's not building a sandcastles that's all doing its
earthworks yeah you're signing permission for that there's at least one beach in Germany where
they knock down the sandcastles at the end of every day so that people don't trip over them in
the dark that's funny yeah yeah yeah seriously three meters I know that's one of the crazy rules
that I've been allowed to build a massive house on the beach I've got a lot to drive more than a thousand
miles an hour okay time for a final fact and that's my fact this week my fact is according to
his website Steven Segal is the only private citizen to destroy a nuclear device Steven Segal
the action hero I found this on his website okay sorry Steven Segal has Steven Segal
has dismantled according to his website it's in his philanthropy section of his website that is
it's a it's a philanthropic act yeah it is definitely yeah I don't so I looking into it he's tricked us
of it okay uh he didn't physically with his hands dismantle and he used his mouth yeah yeah he used his
ponytail uh he uh he sponsored people to dismantle so he gave the money to me today it's really funny
will he's Steven Segal turning up at your door will you sponsor me if you give me 50 p per mega
that's great so he's he paid for it to be decommissioned basically yes yeah he was one of the people
he's an interesting character he does he's a he's a bit of a lone wolf old Segal yeah well he you know
he's a lone wolf a lone wolf for someone who just says I'm not a part of any kind of like he doesn't
do cinema really anymore does he look he goes he's straight to DVD I don't think that's out of choice is
it on principle I am a straight to video man he might be in the new expendables movie so yeah all
right he sacrificed his strong principles of that he my favorite things about Segal I'll just give
a quick break down he's a musician as well I found that out in the music section of his what does
this website if you want to pay someone to play he's got he's got two albums what is called mojo
priest and the others called songs from the crystal cave oh yeah I think it's mojo priest that has
19 tracks on it is because he's got a lot to give and one of the songs is called talk to my ass
cock puncher blues is another one is that cock has in cock fighting I don't know what he does
a like cock fighting because he's animal rights activists isn't he well he there's a sheriff he's a
sheriff we think we played before that he was yeah you can I didn't mention before that he was a
sheriff haven't we yes but one of the things that he did as a sheriff was break up a cock fighting
ring in America wow and he used a full SWAT team a bond detecting robot and a bevy of armored
vehicles including a fully fledged tank he was in the tank wasn't he yeah yeah 115 birds were
euthanized on the spot and thousands of dollars of damage were done to this guy called Jesus
Lavera lots of damage done to his property including damage caused by the tank knocking over his
walls what is it overkill isn't it 115 birds were euthanized on the spot shortly part of breaking up
a cock fighting ring is to prevent cruelty to animals yeah let's go in all guns blaze were you
yes you're not afraid anymore are you you missed the best bit of the story gone he got the wrong house
what yeah it was in the right house yeah he uh... it was he's slaughtered all these animals
including he was just another house yeah it was a guy who's he was just breeding them and um
not only did the chickens uh the cockroals die um so did the owner's dog and Steven Segal had to
write an apology letter to the kid because he killed his dog good yeah that's appropriate yeah
so they needlessly disposed of a lot of bombs which the family just harmlessly had they were just
breeding the bomb so they're like a bomb disposal robot to a cock fighting ring why would you
drive a tank through the house Steven Segal that's what he does in 1940 they had new golf rules
and to do with the war in certain clubs in England and one of them was a player whose stroke is
affected by the simultaneous explosion of a bomb may play another ball from the same place penalty
one stroke wow i think as a golfer i think that's quite harsh like it's not your penalty yeah
but you've got to be very focused James and i think it shows you're not taking it seriously enough
you're distracted by every bomb that goes off yeah that's a good fight yeah i do get distracted on the
golf course um you like conspiracy theories then i have one yeah so in the 1950s and 60s there was some
nuclear testing in space until that was banned by the UN but in the UN document that forbade it
it said the reason we have to ban nuclear testing in space is because it could destroy exotic weapons
and other military satellites so i want to know what exotic weapons are hovering around our world
right now what does that mean exotic weapons fine apple just to clarify for listeners i like
conspiracy theories i don't believe it that you say that every week and every week we cut out
i know outrageous um when on construction sites in germany they still often call bomb disposal
units before they do much construction because there are plenty of unexploded bombs that in germany
i think someone was killed earlier on this year and man was killed when a bomb uh from world were
to explode it so we're more than a billion shells in northern europe um that were given back
yeah that were sent over there by the allies and 30% of them failed to explode and the main Belgian
group that get rid of it are called dovo and they recover between 150 and 200 tons of um stuff every
year wow um well good no to anyone want to talk about Bruce Willis that's why research they didn't
know Steven's goal is oh sure yeah um so you know he was on friends Bruce Willis yeah i didn't know that
no oh god guys oh god guys he's going to attend very successful seasons yeah that's great
yeah everyone listening is going to know this so he played Rachel's boyfriend and the dad
of Ross's girlfriend anyway he did it for no fee he was in about three episodes i think and he lost
a bet to Matthew Perry and so he didn't get paid for it because he lost a bet all nine yards when
they were the whole nine yards where yeah Matthew Perry was like this film is going to be good
i thought i was going to go to the top of the film charts and it did go to the top of the movie charts
when it opened and how friends works basically they got people in and then did wages with them for
the first four seasons Phoebe was paid in pineapples he really showed in her acting
nothing of Bruce Willis he owns uh he says the most expensive thing he's ever bought is a ski mountain
in Idaho that's the kind of thing you say to someone after you've just bought something really
expensive and you want to show off you say oh what's the most expensive thing you own and then
you hope they ask you back yeah probably goes around to parties all the time saying that so what's
the most expensive that so for looks expensive is it the most expensive thing that you own
he actually this makes him even even more vomit inducing he said to the guardian journalist to ask him
i don't tell many people this but it's a mountain in Idaho obviously saying it to a guardian journalist
he's pretty well actually given the circulation of the guard he just under your hat only publish it in
your newspaper Bruce Willis as well um i seem to remember that he when they were looking for a
summer bin Laden said i will give a million dollars if you find he put a bounty on his head basically
yeah that's really so that when he goes to parties he could say what's the most expensive thing you've
bought a library or summer bin Laden yeah exactly who's the biggest terrorist you've personally had
heard yeah another thing about Bruce Willis is that he lost two-thirds of the hearing and is left
here when on die hard because the director said that they had to use extra loud blanks and now apparently
his daughter claims this is why he gets accused of being rude and interviews is because his hearing
isn't very good so he ignores people a lot what's the justification for him telling people he's
bought a mountain what was that you said what's the most expensive thing i've ever seen
that's what your favorite animal was okay that's it that's all of our facts thanks everyone for
listening uh if you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the
courses podcast you can get us all on twitter either on at qi podcast which is our general group
twitter page or individually i'm on at shriberland andy at james at x8 and not uh you can
email pukkost at qi.com yeah and you can also go to no such thing as fish.com where we've got all of our
previous episodes so check them out and we're gonna be back again next week with another episode good
bye.